fix(private-network): amend guide (#85)
HathorNetwork/rfcs: text/0033-private-network-guide.md

# Summary

This guide will show you how to run a local private Hathor network with its own full nodes, tx mining service, wallet and explorer. Note that a private network will be completely separated from Hathor's mainnet and testnet.

By the end of the guide, you will have a fully working private network with the following setup:

- Three hathor-core full nodes connected between each other

> - One tx-mining-service to be used by wallets to mine transactions and used by the full nodes to mine blocks

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- One tx-mining-service to be used by Wallets to mine transactions
- One cpu-miner connected to the tx-mining-service to mine blocks
```

What do you think?

Author: OK: change made:
I did not directly commit your suggestion, but added it in my commit.

- One instance of hathor-wallet-headless

The diagram below shows the overall architecture of this private network:

> ![fig-architecture](./0033-images/private-network-architecture-2.png "Private network architecture")

Reviewer: Should this image show the CPU miner connected to the tx-mining-service?

Author: OK: change made:
The diagram was updated as suggested, readding the cpu miner, but now connected to and only to tx-mining-service.

For wallets, we recommend a minimum of 2 CPUs, 2 GB of RAM, and 100 MB of storage. Wallets are usually memory bounded.

> For tx mining service, we recommend a minimum of 2 CPUs and 1 GB of RAM, and 100 MB of storage. CPU miners are usually CPU bounded.

Author: OK: change made:
Readded the line as suggested.

> For tx mining service, we recommend a minimum of 2 CPUs and 1 GB of RAM, and 100 MB of storage. CPU miners are usually CPU bounded.

Reviewer: The sentence `CPU miners are usually CPU bounded.` at the end is not making sense.

> For tx mining service, we recommend a minimum of 2 CPUs and 1 GB of RAM, and 100 MB of storage. CPU miners are usually CPU bounded.

Author: OK: change made:
Removed sentence.

|---  | ---:  | ---: | ---: | ---:     | --- |
|Full node         | 3 | 4 | 8 GB | 4 GB | hathornetwork/hathor-core
|Wallet            | 1 | 2 | 2 GB | 100 MB | hathornetwork/hathor-wallet-headless

> |Miner             | 2 | 2 | 1 GB | 100 MB | hathornetwork/cpuminer

Reviewer: We will still have a miner connected to the tx-mining-service. Maybe we should keep this line.

Author: OK: change made: 
Readded the line as suggested.

|Tx Mining Service | 1 | 2 | 1 GB | 100 MB | hathornetwork/tx-mining-service

# Creating a new network

The following steps must be executed to create a new network:
The following steps should be executed to create a new network:

1. Generate the configuration of the new network.
2. Launch the full nodes and build the new p2p network.
3. Launch the tx-mining-service to be able to send transactions.

> 4. Launch the miner connected to the tx-mining-service.

Reviewer: This step still exists in the text

Author: OK: change made:
Readded the step as suggested.
